our office recently got the chance to
try out a couple of printers from the HP
Officejet Enterprise x-series
all-in-ones have been around for a while
but this latest line takes things up a
notch by providing a faster printing
speed along with mobility and security
what makes the HP Officejet Enterprise
AK series printer stand out is the
pagewide technology while traditional
inkjet printers print from left to right
the HP Officejet Enterprise X series
printers actually feed the paper through
and print an entire row at the same time
very much the same way a large printing
press does this is pretty cool this is
why this line of printers is so fast and
can print 70 pages per minute which is
twice as fast as laser printers if one
of us has a large print job we don't
have to worry about clogging up the rest
of the offices workflow the printers use
a pigment based ink rather than a dye
you could actually pour water on the
page and the ink would stay the HP
Officejet Enterprise X series printers
come equipped with USB plug ins and card
readers and also have wireless
capabilities I am able to print directly
from my smartphone and tablet using HP
ePrint or AirPrint applications while
being away from the office or I can
simply print material using the NFC
technology by tapping my tablet against
the printer a lot of times large
multifunction printers can be difficult
to navigate but the color touchscreen
makes setting up the Machine really easy
along with the color touchscreen the
printers are equipped with a built-in
keyboard which simplifies inputting
emails and sharing documents we have a
lot of sensitive information floating
around so we need a printing solution
that provides us with adequate security
that's one less thing to worry about
knowing this series of printers features
pin code access control and a cryptid
hard drives HP Officejet Enterprise X
series printers delivers great
functionality at an affordable price
tell us what you think share your
thoughts in the comment section and
don't forget to subscribe to CDW
techvision for more news on the latest
in technology
you